Israeli Army has had its worst day since
launching its ground Invasion after at
least 24 soldiers were killed in Gaza
the injured were airlifted during an
exchange of fire with Palestinian
Fighters around KH yunice 210 Israeli
soldiers have been killed since Israel
began its ground operations in Gaza at
the end of October let's speak to
Stephanie Decker about this she's
joining us live from occupied East
Jerusalem so Stephanie 24 the highest
number of Israeli casualties in a single
day since the War Began how is this
going down
there yes we've had a reaction from the
top um Administration here the Israeli
president calling this an unbearably
difficult morning um we also had the
defense minister saying that this only
makes us um compelled to reach the aims
of our war of course condolences to the
families itar benav the extreme
right-wing Minister minister of National
Security saying that this highlights
that the war should not stop and we
should keep fighting so yes as you
mentioned there the deadliest day for
the Israeli military since the ground
operation began they're entering even
the Israeli president there saying in
his statement what is a incredibly
difficult phase in very difficult
circumstances in terms of the area that
they're operating in particularly this
push in khun as we've heard there from
hanni reporting um Yahya Sinar the
leader of Hamas is from kanun the
hamas's military commander Muhammad is
from kanun the Israeli military
according to their statements believe
that sinat is in Kan yunes in the
underground tunnel nearts they believe
perhaps he surrounded himself with many
of the captives as a form uh of uh
security if you will security guarantee
and again like you know you're also
dealing with with an army Israeli Army
that's made up of reservists this is a
country that has conri conscription they
spend uh between a year and a half and
three years in the army that they go
home to their jobs 350,000 of them were
called up from their jobs to go and
fight many of them inside Gaza you're
dealing with Hamas who's been training
for this for years they know the tunnel
system and the streets the dense streets
in Gaza like the back of their hand so
yes uh what we're witnessing now on the
ground in Gaza is certainly probably the
most difficult ground to ground fighting
uh for the Israeli Army right and they
they have been as this is happening
there've been reports Stephanie of a
possible New Deal between Israel and
Hamas which I understand is being picked
up by the Israeli media today what
exactly is this proposal and what's
being said about
it you've had a lot of back and forth
over the weeks of leaks of what is being
negotiated what parameters are being
discussed who's put the proposal on the
table the latest that we hear now that
was uh released overnight leaked
overnight um was a deal that Israel is
is agreeing to or offering if you will
two months uh of a pause in the fighting
this is in contradiction uh just briefly
that Netanyahu has been so defiant to
say no PS in fighting no end to the war
so the the the the details of the report
is this so two months in exchange for a
gradual release of all the Israeli
captives including uh the bodies of
those that are dead including also the
two dead soldiers they've been holding
since 2014 Hamas has been holding and
two captives Israelis that crossed the
border volunt early in 2014 so all the
Israelis are being considered in this
deal and this is also for uh they will
be discussing how many captives one
captive how many Palestinian prisoners
sorry so all of these details are
leaking in terms of what's being
discussed what we know publicly what's
being said Israel's position is
particularly Netanyahu no end to the
fighting no ceasefire and we will get
the hostages militarily Hamas has said
all along a total end to the war and
only then will we release the captives
Folly what gets said publicly and what
gets discussed behind closed doors are
often very different things so I think
what's clear is negotiations have been
ongoing right H now these leaks again
about specifics let's wait and see we
know that Brett mcer the US Envoy is in
Kyer right now uh discussions are
underway he will be heading to Kar as
well so we're going to have to wait and
see what kind of compromises if any get
made on both sides all right Stephanie
thank you very much for that Stephanie
DEA reporting their life from occupied
East Jerusalem